Add note about fake RP2040 unsupported (#3675)
OttoWinter/esphomedocs: components/rp2040.rst

.. note::

    Support for all aspects of ESPHome on the RP2040 is still in development.
    

>     Only the original model of Raspberry Pi Pico W board is supported, which has the Cypress **CYW43455** chip providing wireless connectivity. It can be identified by a metalic shield encapsulating the radio circuitry. Pico W boards having as radio modules chips like ESP8285 or similar (labelled as ``RP2040 Pico W-2023`` etc.), are not supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Only the original model of Raspberry Pi Pico W board is supported, which has the Cypress **CYW43455** chip providing wireless connectivity. It can be identified by a metallic shield encapsulating the radio circuitry. Pico W boards with radio module chips like ESP8285 or similar (labelled as ``RP2040 Pico W-2023`` etc.), are not supported.
```
